README.md, before:

# My Personal Project - HealthyHelper

## A brief introduction

The development of this application has been inspired by a personal need that I have had for a while. 
I enjoy staying fit and feel that having a great diet is just as important as having a good workout 
routine. This app enables anyone 
interested in tracking *exactly* what food/drink 
goes into their bodies throughout the entire day to log in food information that includes 
things like amount of carbohydratess, protein, fat, etc. 
The dynamic information logging process then integrates this entry into the daily goal/limit. 

This helps users achieve peace of mind when worrying about if eating another 
cupcake in the evening might take their daily calorie intake over the limit. 
Additional features include:
-  Select specific dietary goals to work towards(cutting, bulking, etc).
- Let the app calculate BMI values to give you a better idea of your current fitness.
- Log food information for *specific* times of the day to track, plan, and meal prep more precisely. 

## User stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a food item to the list of 
food items consumed daily.
- As a user, I want to be able to add any amount of water drank 
throughout the day.
- As a user, I want to be able to see how many calories I need to consume 
in the day, to hit my target.
- As a user, I want to be able to see a well formatted list of all the 
food items I have consumed throughout the day, printed in front of me 
by the program.
- As a user, I want to be able to calculate my BMI, and 
then have the program recommend a diet plan to take on.
- As a user, I want to be able to store my daily food and water consumption 
information to file.
- As a user, I want to be able to look at the progress I've been 
making over a few days by looking at the history of my daily goals being met

Commit message:

added robustness with exception handling in ui classes

README.md, after:

# My Personal Project - HealthyHelper

## A brief introduction

The development of this application has been inspired by a personal need that I have had for a while. 
I enjoy staying fit and feel that having a great diet is just as important as having a good workout 
routine. This app enables anyone 
interested in tracking *exactly* what food/drink 
goes into their bodies throughout the entire day to log in food information that includes 
things like amount of carbohydratess, protein, fat, etc. 
The dynamic information logging process then integrates this entry into the daily goal/limit. 

This helps users achieve peace of mind when worrying about if eating another 
cupcake in the evening might take their daily calorie intake over the limit. 
Additional features include:
-  Select specific dietary goals to work towards(cutting, bulking, etc).
- Let the app calculate BMI values to give you a better idea of your current fitness.
- Log food information for *specific* times of the day to track, plan, and meal prep more precisely. 

## User stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a food item to the list of 
food items consumed daily.
- As a user, I want to be able to add any amount of water drank 
throughout the day.
- As a user, I want to be able to see how many calories I need to consume 
in the day, to hit my target.
- As a user, I want to be able to see a well formatted list of all the 
food items I have consumed throughout the day, printed in front of me 
by the program.
- As a user, I want to be able to calculate my BMI, and 
then have the program recommend a diet plan to take on.
- As a user, I want to be able to store my daily food and water consumption 
information to file.
- As a user, I want to be able to login as a returning user with pre-existing
 information, or as a new user with no pre-existing data records
